what is going on guys I'm telling you
were not as fan this here go check out
his channel he's uploading tons of WAV
stuff not as famous worth getting
universe man alright so we've had the
game now ten days we've been playing who
is this oh yeah this is superstar head
John Cena yeah I was wondering this is
what I made so we both made and why he
was wearing this attire I thought I gave
him better attire are you ready - are
you ready this is the tubby EMU debut of
djidi djidi who is who is GD not his fan
it's Daniel Bryan what the fuck gay
Daniel @w what is this that is oh my
Gran's head the rocks body and semester
did you change his cetera yeah oh man I
was watching the finish where you're
spinning in I'm like that's that's
really that's your finisher isn't that
perfect I was so didn't know I was mad I
was like what I tried to find the most
femi moves it could dude you're freaking
me out all right let's go
skip it gay Daniel versus super Cena
I've only got a 75 attribute rating
though so you could be woman 90 I better
take it easy you're 90
yeah oh man this is like 3mb going up
against and we didn't have lag when
you're playing before
no how are you wrestling in fucking high
heels
we had the server's ourselves look at
John Cena's ass he's got the Zubaz I
have little t-rex arms now little little
tights or whatever you got a yeah I had
to put the zoo boss or whatever the fuck
they're called like underneath it that's
a Daniel I like your choice of like just
going with the the bikini yeah and like
it looks like you get like when he's on
the ground it's like a diva where you
can like see up there but I don't want
to see
so now I know before you said this was
his gimmick on your channel before there
were superstars episode 1 guys go watch
the links in the description I love it
this was his alter ego before but my
question to you yeah
is was it really an ego was it really a
character or is this what he does and
maybe Brie Bella turned him uh-oh maybe
it's a like a precursor of like you know
face as Daniel Bryan maybe he could be
the face of the company as GD wait what
if what if it wasn't really before they
were superstars it was after and you
just messed up and because of everything
that happened with Triple H this this is
what happens when Triple H buries you in
the WWE you become gay Daniel animation
doesn't connect because his body's so
fucked up
and I think this is what what a THQ
worried about for the longest time John
Cena's a midget dude it's just hilarious
look at his huge ass we're on it oh it's
an Extreme Rules match I forgot about
that weaken your weapon oh yeah I'm
gonna beat you at the weapon oh man and
it's Falls Count Anywhere too so hey
Matt come out here once it knocked me
over quick knock me up jump out of the
ring quick oh oh oh no I meant hit me
when I was going under the ring Oh Oh
big table shot another big table shot
Cena's got the table always setting him
up oh no little midget Cena's going up
top can you reverse it oh that is it go
for the pin one oh he takes out at one
come on you don't need to kick out at
one you could wait a no sell of a huge
move through a table right oh and I'll
way to get out of the way oh my should
my shitting my kittens in here
I actually have to say I kind of like
Daniel Bryan like this I just like to
see other superstars not is their normal
self I think there's a lot of creative
things you could do
well I think it's a big move for them
allowing them to do so well that's what
I was saying I was so worried like I bet
to THQ when they were doing this in WWE
was like no we're not going to allow
that because they'll do shit like that
but I don't think people care oh oh man
look at you well and the sweet thing is
if you watch that episode I did in him I
got the oMG finisher at the at the
ringpost outside so we got that you got
the big kick with the high heel that
could kill somebody because the heel
could go in your throat or your face or
Cena's going up top
oh wait Cena has a default move set
because oh no that's right Cena has a
default move set oh I never changed it I
don't want that stupid DDT finisher
please tell me it's not yeah no I have
the simple and I'm so bummed right now
come on I changed my signatures oh yeah
cuz I thought it would be the same cuz I
thought if you used the template it
would just use John Cena's normal moves
I'm still right at each cue did kind of
protect themselves a little bit though
where you can't the voice doesn't work
for John Cena if it's not all yeah I
noticed that
alright this is it you know what I'm
gonna try to catching finisher DDT let's
see if it works this let me lift you Oh
nope man it's a lagging a little bit
right it is oh you have a finisher um I
had a signature I don't know a finisher
oh I do that's it DDT here John see I
wanted to see the attitude adjustment
I'm disappointed in myself right now on
the Bell
that was on the Bell hahaha I guess you
could say school's out gay Daniel losing
to zoo boss John Cena go check out
Matt's on youtube.com forward slash
sports game universe youtube.com forward
slash not his fan thank you very much
for bringing gay Daniel around buddy
not a problem any time and it's a nice
time I'm gonna see you all later